Parsingrule Update 4 (#28299)
demisto/content: Packs/ApacheWebServer/README.md

# Apache Web Server
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content. 

<~XSIAM>
## Configuration on Server Side
You need to configure Apache Web Server to forward Syslog messages.

Open your Apache Web Server instance, and follow these instructions [Documentation](https://docs.trellix.com/bundle/xdr_dscg/page/UUID-4540547f-28c4-0553-846e-544fbc02530f.html):
1. Log in to your Apache Web Server instance as a **root** user.
2. Edit the Apache configuration file **httpd.conf**.
   * Ensure to keep a backup copy of the file.

>    * Edit one config at a time- Save each change at a time and monitor its effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * Edit one configuration file at a time. Save the file after each change and monitor its effect.
```

   * For further information on Apache Log Files - [Documentation](https://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.4/logs.html#page-header) 
3. Add the following information in the Apache configuration file to specify a custom path for the syslog events:
```bash 
   CustomLog "|/usr/bin/logger -t httpd -p <facility>.<priority>" combined 
```
   Where:
   * **facility** is a syslog facility, for example- local0.
   * **priority** is a syslog priority, for example- info OR notice.
4. Disable hostname lookup:
```bash 
   HostnameLookups off
``` 
5. Save the configuration file.
6. Edit the syslog configuration file:
```bash 
   /etc/syslog.conf
```    
7. Add the following information to your syslog configuration file:
```bash 
   <facility>.<priority> <TAB><TAB>@<host>:<port>
```
   Where:

>    * **facility** - This value must match the value that you typed in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **facility** - This value must match the value that you typed in the step 3.
```
